# Feb 15, 2023 - Board meeting

Attendees: Chris, Joel, Patrick, Scott, Houston, Jerin, Aaron

## Board Elections
* Houston, Patrick, Shinesa elected by acclimation
* Existing Board re-elected
	* Chris Farris
	* Joel Thompson
	* Scott Piper
	* Jerin Saji
	* Aaron Zollman

## Officer Elections
* President - Aaron Zollman
* Vice President - Chris FArrus
* Secretary - Jerin Saji
* Treasurer - Joel Thompson

Officers elected by acclimation

## Other Business
* Conflict of Interest policy: https://github.com/fwdcloudsec/governance/blob/main/ConflictOfInterestPolicy.md
	* All Directors should append their names and commit the update to GitHub as acknowledgement
* Budget Approval 2023 Budget (Preliminary)
	* Budget approved by acclimation

### fwd:cloudsec conference committee
* Who is leaving for 2023? - no changes
* Who do we want to add? - no changes
* Ya’ll still want Farris leading things? - yes

### fwd:cloudsec projects / advisory board
* Purpose:
	* Vet projects to select which ones to take under this umbrella and what it takes to maintain it
	* Make decisions on what it looks like if a project is being supported/sponsored by a company
* Advisory board would create the charter+budget for this & fwd:cloudsec board would decide on if it’s appropriate under the fwd:cloudsec mission (Joel)
* Possible projects to take on:
	* The list of AWS account IDs for vendors:
	* cloudvulndb
* Do we establish one?
* Who should be on it?
	* Nick Jones and Rich Mogull as possible folks to reach out to
	* Also Rami
	* Scott, Houston, Patrick, and Farris are also interested.
	* Should be no larger than 7 people [Farris]
	* Chris & Scott are nominated as co-chairs
* Establish guide on how these projects will be maintained, any rules
	* cloudvulndb has Wiz logos on it, is that ok? What if another company wants to sponsor a project somehow? What if Wiz stops doing anything for the project, how do we decide to remove their logo?[Scott]
	* How we ensure funding & sponsorship is community driven?[Farris]
	* Who has access to merge PRs or should be expected to? The  fwd:cloudsec org has a number of people now, and I might be annoyed if someone unrelated to the project edited it.[Scott]

Pursuant to his authorities in the [Bylaws](https://github.com/fwdcloudsec/governance/blob/4e6ebd2de3d0e73fb893a4da984415b71fd12adb/Bylaws.md?plain=1#L197), Aaron named the following to a Special Projects TOC chartering committee
* Scott Piper
* Chris Farris
* Rami McCarthy
* Rich Mogull
* Nick Jones